(lp0
(lp1
Vi bought it for my 2.5 years daughter who had broken my iPhone screen thrice!! And it has been a good buy so far. She can use it without much support for watching Rhymes and playing educational games. Screen resolution and sound is good. Doesn't hang too often too.Downside is battery drains in after about 4,5 hours of usage and takes around 2.5 hours to charge completely.Internal memory is very low (about 4 GB usable only) So you have to buy an external card if you need more.Camera quality is pathetic (both front and rear).Otherwise I find it good for the purpose I bought it for - to be used by kid, bigger screen than phones and worrying less of damage (it being cheap). Also she now spares my phone for my own usage. Finally !! :)
p2
aV4.0 
p3
aF-0.6641
aI1
aa(lp4
Vused it for one day, display is clear though, better than i expected not crisp. good enough for reading pdf and books, at this price its a bargain. The point yu have to remember about display is HIGHER the resolution, more battery it will use up ! striking a balance, this is good for reading books even small print is visible easily. the 2900Mah battery gives 6 to 9 hours of usable life on single charge. The supplied charger takes more time to charge, i used my smartphone charger for Mi2, it charged in 3 to 4 hours which is quicker than the supplied charger. Kindle reader is better for longer life battery on one charge but its black and white cant see color technical drawings in it. you can put in external SD card too if you want. 1GB RAM is enough for most appllications if you dont overload it with  the apps you dont use (deinstall them and store as apk in the sdcard, in case of wanting you use can re-install even when you dont have wifi available ).  Use the screen guard supplied but get some expert to put it on for you if you dont want bubbles and dirt floating in air to get trapped under it, dont try to put it on yourself. Cleaner app supplied is too good, and has many functions , check it out. Since micromax didnt pack its commercial apps (which users try to de-install later) in system ROM but put in user app area, you can de-install them easily (no need to root this tablet). the tablet only has wiFI (no SIM) but for this price its very good choice. use your smartphone to create wifi zone if you are travelling and want to use this big screen 7 inch for booking tickets on sites or doing transactions on internet sites. Screen is sensitive to touch. 4-core CPU is a plus point but i didnt clearly see as i didnt use any games. Overall good general purpose tablet for surfing, reading, casual games. After one wee update: works flawlessly
p5
aV5.0 
p6
aF-0.6702
aI0
aa(lp7
VReceived item within 3 days of ordering with normal delivery. The box include tablet, charger with USB cable, an OTG cable and screen protector.Pros:It is really cheapThe tab is faster with 1gb RAM, 1.3 GHz quad core processor. Never felt lag for browsing, using Facebook and YouTube.Wifi reception is goodThe tab comes with stock ROM and an app from micromax. No custom skins or interface.No heating issues while normal usage.Cons:The battery drains very quickly, tab will run about 4 hours on internet browsing.The charge is slow as compared to other devices of similar size battery using same charger.The screen display uses old technology, if you are getting used to IPS display you will notice the difference.Overall:The tab is good if you are tight on budget. You get what you pay. It is not good to compare this tab with other tabs of price ten times. You can use this tab for reading ebooks, emails, browsing internet, watching movie. The tab is not definitely for high end games and heavy apps.
p8
aV4.0 
p9
aF-0.1174
aI1
aa(lp10
VThe tablet from micromax is very good.it has a very good features and speed. I played too many games on it. Never get hang.but the baaad things are its battery backup is not good. it takes too much time to charge and drain the battery rapidly. The screen is not good. But this is best tablet in this price range. So I recommend all those people who want to buy a tablet at a low budget. But remember it's a non calling tablet. But we can use WhatsApp ,Facebook on it via WiFi or dongle. So its a good tablet
p11
aV4.0 
p12
aF0.9655
aI1
aa.